Update Overview and Dependencies pages (#4495)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: docusaurus/docs/Android/01-basics/01-overview.mdx

It also contains all the basic model objects you'll interact with when using Stream Chat, such as `User`, `Channel`, or `Message`.

### State

The state library is a plugin that gives you the possibility to reactively observe data through `StateFlows`.

> Moreover, the plugin adds a sync feature, that for example is responsible for resending messages, reactions, etc, when the user performed actions without an Internet connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It adds a sync feature which handles re-sending messages, reactions, and syncing other actions the user had performed while offline.
```

:::note
The state plugin doesn't add a persistence layer.<br/> Consider using it together with `Offline Plugin`.
:::

<!-- TODO update link once State documentation is ready -->

> This plugin exposes easy-to-use `StateFlow` objects for reading channels, messages, reads, typing, members, watchers and more. See [State](../02-client/06-guides/04-offline-support.mdx) for more details.

Reviewer: Maybe we should list  `ChannelState` members descriptively here by what they do, such as:

```
This plugin exposes easy-to-use `StateFlow` objects containing information about the channel such as the messages inside it, a list of users currently typing, a list of all channel members and more.
```

The idea is that user reading this is a new user and might not know the nomenclature well.
This is just a suggestion, feel free to reject it if you do not like it.

> If you want to build custom UI for Stream Chat, you can build it on top of the state library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to build a custom UI for Stream Chat, you can build it on top of the state library.
```

### Offline Support

A great chat solution should be capable of caching data and handling network connection loss.<br/>
The offline support is a plugin that implements such capabilities and provides the following benefits:

* Decreases initial load times, especially when the network connection is poor.
* Enables the user to see cached channels and messages while offline.
* Enables the user to perform actions such as sending messages and reactions while offline.

### UI Components

The UI Components library includes pre-built Android Views to easily load and display data from the Stream Chat API. These include a Channel List and a Message List, a Message Composer View, and more. See the UI Components [Getting Started](../03-ui/01-overview.mdx) page for more details.

> This library is built on top of the state library, and offers the quickest integration of Stream Chat into an Android application. It also has a variety of [theming](../03-ui/02-general-customization/01-theming.mdx) options to make it fit your app's needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is built on top of the state library, and offers the quickest integration of Stream Chat into an Android application. It also offers a variety of [theming](../03-ui/02-general-customization/01-theming.mdx) options to make it fit your app's needs.
```

It also contains all the basic model objects you'll interact with when using Stream Chat, such as `User`, `Channel`, or `Message`.

### State

> The state library is a plugin that gives you the possibility to reactively observe data through `StateFlows`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The state library is a plugin that gives you the possibility to reactively observe data through `StateFlow`s.
```
